[DOCS-12073] Add metrics to OP docs (#33096)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/observability_pipelines/_index.md

{{< img src="observability_pipelines/op_marketecture_06042025.png" alt="A graphic showing data being aggregated from a variety of sources, processed and enriched by the observability pipelines worker in your own environment, and then being routed to the security, analytics, and storage destinations of your choice" style="width:100%;" >}}

> Datadog Observability Pipelines allows you to collect, process, and route logs and metrics (in Preview) within your own infrastructure. It gives you control over your observability data before it leaves your environment.

Author: ```suggestion
Datadog Observability Pipelines allows you to collect and process logs and metrics (in Preview) within your own infrastructure, and then route the data to different destinations. It gives you control over your observability data before it leaves your environment.
```

> Datadog Observability Pipelines allows you to collect and process logs and metrics (in Preview) within your own infrastructure, and then route the data to different destinations. It gives you control over your observability data before it leaves your environment.

Author: ```suggestion
Datadog Observability Pipelines allows you to collect and process logs and metrics ({{< tooltip glossary="preview" >}}) within your own infrastructure, and then route the data to different destinations. It gives you control over your observability data before it leaves your environment.
```
